Ability not found: not associated with this ID
Sprint: Go fast, but follow the next steps.
Theft: you can avoid your steps, but it’s too slow.
Setting: Open the set to open the item and left-click or release the left mouse button.
Not enough. Let's find something to use. which.
Entry Card: I don’t like the card, but I didn’t lose it.
Basic requirements: Ask for a gun, grenade, radio, inactive and access card.
Noise weapons: Small machines, Water pumps (Access card), First aid kit.
Amazing speed: You can move very fast when no one is watching. People don’t see or move, but they can turn their eyes and act again every few seconds.
Controversial: As HP declines, it moves faster.
Bottom: Insert the built-in black rail and you can return to this location at any time. The teleport lasts for a few seconds. n The reboot can be reinstalled.
Disadvantages: you can pass through the door.
Song Swan: The ball is not harmful, but it can be kept in a container immediately, to the detriment of people.
3D Unit: Leave the Pocket Abba ammon for kidnapping and murder. They choose the right exit or they die.
Fright Finder: I’m usually quiet, but I don’t want to hurt or see my face. If he sees or hurts, he must kill the killer and end his anger. Follow the guidelines before the anger goes away Violations are reflected in additional HP and do not reduce HP as much as possible.
Don’t cry: it’s heavy, but you can put it on the door. Relax and unwind ... or wait for it to arrive.
Shop Attack: We usually defend. However, in the event of an insult, anything that comes before the crime can be destroyed. Move your hand to remove the door and body.
Very sensitive: People can only see if they pass or shoot up close.
Tutorial: I can't move without moving. Pressing the rotary knob speeds up the movement, but it acts.
Imitation: You can talk loudly to nearby players, including people.
Eating: It cuts off the people in front of you and does a lot of damage.
Semi-sensitivity: Affects the environment and causes immediate death.
Healing: Heals the dead. Those who act behave like zombies, with fast movements and low fitness. People n There is no limit to the number of people you can handle.
Dryness: May cause mild scarring.
Opening and closing doors: The 5AP allows the door to be opened and closed. The AP can be locked forever and no one can open the door until the access point is opened or the AP is opened.
Tesla Overload: 50 AP can be used to immediately activate a Tesla target and kill players.
Lock: In rooms above the 2nd floor, you can lock the room, turn off all the lights and lock all the doors. People living in the same room do not see the SCP-173.
Pregnancy: 5 generators appear in HCZ. Everything is open and recovered when the boot is complete. The n gene generator has a series of coefficients that can be deleted by anyone by clicking the “Cancel” button on the generator.
Neck skin: Click or hold the person's neck. Attacking someone while visiting can kill them immediately.
Fee: You can't escape. You can fly straight, smash things in front of it, and keep going. When he reaches the door, he opens it.